How to find if you are a victim of identity theft?
Most victims do not realize that their
identity has been stolen until it is too
late. The best method to find out whether or not
an identity has been compromised is by checking
credit score regularly. An early discovery of
a possible identity theft can limit the damage.
The following is a list of indications that your
identity has been stolen: 1. Bill collection
agencies contact the user for overdue debts
that never incurred. 2. Users received bills,
invoices, or receipts addressed to them for
goods or services that they did not ask for.
3. A user's request for a mortgage or any other
loan is rejected citing bad credit history despite
the user maintaining a healthy credit record.
4. You notice that some of your mail seems to be
missing. 5. Users receive mail about an apartment
they never rented; a house they never bought,
or a job they never held. 6. Users lose imported
documents such as a passport or driver's license.
The following are also indications that
your identity has been stolen: Victims
identify irregularities in credit card and bank
statements; Victims are denied social benefits and
users receive a credit card statement for a new
account. What to do if your identity is stolen?
If your identity is stolen,
first, you have to place
fraud alerts on credit card reports and
review credit card reports regularly.
There are two types of fraud alerts: Initial and
Extended. An initial fraud alert stays on
the credit report for at least 90 days.
The users may ask the credit reporting
agency to place a fraud report
or alert on their credit report if they believe
that they are or will be victims of identity
theft. If they have been a victim of a phishing
scam or if they have lost personal belongings that
contain personally identifiable information such
as credit cards and driver's license and more.
An extended fraud report stay on a
credit report for up to seven years.
Users may ask the credit reporting agency
to place a fraud report on the credit report
if they have previously been victims of identity
theft. Users will have to prove their identity
to the credit reporting agency to have a
fraud alert placed on their credit report.
Fraud alerts may help prevent the user's identity
from being used further. Next, close the bank
accounts that have been compromised with or the
accounts that have been opened fraudulently.
The victim should call his or her banks or
creditor security and fraud department. He
or she should also notify the banks and
the credit card companies in writing.
Victims needs to ensure that
they document all conversation
and mail information such as when they
have received mail or so on for future use.
Users should not use the same personal
identification number or pin or password
for any new bank accounts or credit cards they
apply for. For any of the compromised accounts
or new accounts opened fraudulently in the user's
name, the user should also file a dispute with the
company directly. Victims may also choose to
lodge a complaint with the local authorities.
Protecting from Identity Theft. Hiding
IP address using Quick Hide IP tool.
The features of this tool are: hide your IP
address and location from the websites you visit.
It is fully compatible with Internet Explorer,
Google Chrome, and Mozilla Firefox. It is also
fully compatible with earlier versions of Windows.
It is easy to change browser
proxy settings on the fly.
It automatically switch IP address every
minutes for better autonomous surfing.
It allows you to choose your favorite hidden
geographic location or country all around the
world. It is advanced or it has advanced proxy
list testing sorting and management. Here are
more IP address hiding tools: first, is the Hide
My IP which prevents hackers from acquiring your
IP. Encrypt your internet connection and send
anonymous email and then ban yourself on forums.
Next is the IP Hider which is a free
anonymous proxy that will help you
open up blocked websites from school, work,
library or any other firewall protected place.
Next is the Ultrasurf. Ultrasurf is a
product of ultra rich internet corporation.
It originally created to help internet users
in China find security and freedom online.
Ultrasurf has now become the world's most
popular pro privacy anti-censorship software.
Next are the anti-tracks, provides you with a
set of tools that will not securely erase your
tracks and unwanted files so that they are gone
forever hiding your machine IP and securely
locking the important files and folders. Hide
IP NG or short for Hide IP Next Generation is
an easy to use software that helps you hide your
IP addresses when you are surfing the internet.
T-O-R or Tor is a free software
in an open network that helps you
defend against a form of network surveillance
that threatens personal freedom and privacy,
confidential business activities and relationships
and state security known as traffic analysis.
The last two are Anonymizer
Universal which is easy to use
faster surfing a powerful VPN client and the
proprietary technologies that helps the users
online activities private
and secure in their devices.
While, the Hide The IP can hide IP
addresses and protect you from anybody who wants
to monitor your reading interest and spy upon you.